## Red
[challenge](https://play.picoctf.org/practice/challenge/460?category=4&page=1)

### Solve
This was the best one i have done until now, it was so fun so i was given a red png photo, i checked file and then checked metadata, there was a poem, then i did strings red.png, and it was a proper poem with indenting:

Crimson heart, vibrant and bold,
Hearts flutter at your sight.
Evenings glow softly red,
Cherries burst with sweet life.
Kisses linger with your warmth.
Love deep as merlot.
Scarlet leaves falling softly,
Bold in every stroke

if we look at the starting of each line, it says CHECKLSB
so I found out what it was, and then used zsteg(from a site called aperisolve)
found a base64 string fo the flag, decoded it and voila!

## Learnt about **LSB**
lsb means least significant bit, so basically, every pixels' color is stored as a byte, and changing the least significant bit of that byte isnt going to make a significant change to the color. So the flag is hidden bit-by-bit in the lsb of the png image.

but lsb doesnt work for jpg, because png is lossless, this can be done to it, this in itself is a hint, and jpg compresses and loses the exact pixel to byte data.

## Found out this awesome site for stegenography
[aperisolve](https://www.aperisolve.com/)
it just does everything for you, i dont know if this is allowed or is cool to do but i am going to ask around

## Problems and mistakes
i had a huge UNFIXED problem trying to get zsteg on my laptop, zsteg is written in ruby and needs to be gem installed, but gem will conflict with homebrew so mostly thats why the issue was happening, but i fixed the issue by finding this awesome site: 
